Software Engineering
Excelar’s subsidiary Careflow is developing next generation clinical data visualization and explainable AI technologies, and its subsidiary Chatnels is developing an augmented AI auto-attendant for chat screening and conversational workflows.

Careflow is a patient data platform for interconnecting real-time data pipelines from disparate data sources with clinical AI models and digital health platforms. Our Careflow platform normalizes the datasets into a timeline across the patient care continuum to make the data easy to visualize and explainable, and provides secured access to data for research, clinical quality improvement, and AI model training and testing. Our projects help to prevent adverse drug events that result in hospital emergency admissions, reduce the use of opioids for pain management in surgical care, provide early diagnosis and treatment of autism, and support continuous connected patient care for early discharge of post-acute patients for recovery from the comfort of home.

Chatnels is an augmented generative AI chat messaging platform for automating and routing conversational workflows. It integrates with large language models such as GPT and PaLM2 and uses conversational guardrails and differential privacy to support context driven interactive conversations. Chatnels powers conversational communities and support conversational dialogue flows for assessments and questionnaires. Its AI personal assistant supports features such as answer, transfer, and conference to connect the right people into the conversational workflow.

Job Description / Duties & Responsibilities:

    Development of the Excelar Careflow platform including Careflow Broker, Careflow Timeline, and Careflow Insight. You will be exposed to data routing technologies such as Kafka, real-time data processing pipelines for AI, health data exchange interfaces such as HL7, machine learning tools such as PyTorch, and front-end technology frameworks such as Angular and ReactJS.
    Assist in the development of the Chatnels workflow chat messaging platform. You will be exposed to cognitive natural language processing, machine learning, ReactJS, NodeJS/PHP/Python, Large Language Models, MongoDB/MySQL and containerized micro-services and tools such as Langchain.
    Follow agile development methodologies. Tools we use include JIRA, Confluence, BitBucket, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Docker Hub, Terraform, and Kubernetes
    Use TypeScript, HTML 5, and CSS 3 to define the user experience and user interface
    Collaborate with team members to develop / iterate / contribute to user interface designs
    Assist with QA testing and test automation (Selenium)
    Understanding of techniques and best practices for optimizing front-end performance, such as minimizing page load times and optimizing resource usage.

Qualifications:

    Understanding of client and server system design/architecture
    Some experience with data processing and transformation using ECMAScript.
    Some experience with JavaScript libraries such as React, Redux, Angular, RxJS, D3.js, Node.js, etc.
    Some experience with testing frameworks such as Jest and dev tools to identify and fix issues.
    Comfortable with web technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON, etc.
    Some experience with DevOps tools such as Git, JIRA, Jenkins, Ansible, and Docker
    Previous exposure to machine learning and data science tools an asset
    Experience with cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure an asset
    Experience with test automation tools such as Selenium, Appium, etc. an asset
    Willingness to learn and being adaptable in different situations
    Able to work independently and collaborate with a team to get things done
